NMS-15518: Simplify the installation docs (#5899)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/core/centos-rhel/initialize-core.adoc

.Configure PostgreSQL database access

> It is possible to store the PostgreSQL credentials in the secure credentials vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can store your PostgreSQL credentials in the secure credentials vault.
```

> To achieve this, use the `scvcli` command line utility to add the credentials, and reference these credentials in `opennms-datasources.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, use the `scvcli` command line utility to add the credentials, and reference these credentials in `opennms-datasources.xml`:
```

> .Create encrypted credentials for PostgreSQL database connections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create encrypted credentials for the PostgreSQL database connections:
+
```

[source, console]
----
sudo -u opennms ${OPENNMS_HOME}/bin/scvcli set postgres opennms password <1>
sudo -u opennms ${OPENNMS_HOME}/bin/scvcli set postgres-admin postgres password
----
<1> Replace both `password` instances with the actual passwords for your `opennms` and `postgres` database accounts.

> ----
> sudo -u opennms vi /opt/opennms/etc/opennms-datasources.xml
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Edit `opennms-datasources.xml` with `vi`:
+
[source, console]
sudo -u opennms vi /opt/opennms/etc/opennms-datasources.xml
```

> .Set encrypted credentials to access the PostgreSQL database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set encrypted credentials to access the PostgreSQL database:
+
```

[source, xml]
----
<jdbc-data-source name="opennms"

>                     database-name="opennms"<1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    database-name="opennms" <1>
```

                    class-name="org.postgresql.Driver"
                    url="jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/opennms"

>                     user-name="${scv:postgres:username}"<2>
>                     password="${scv:postgres:password}" /><3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    user-name="${scv:postgres:username}" <2>
                    password="${scv:postgres:password}" /> <3>
```

<jdbc-data-source name="opennms-admin"
                    database-name="template1"
                    class-name="org.postgresql.Driver"
                    url="jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/template1"

>                     user-name="${scv:postgres-admin:username}"<4>
>                     password="${scv:postgres-admin:password}" /><5>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    user-name="${scv:postgres-admin:username}" <4>
                    password="${scv:postgres-admin:password}" /> <5>
```

> ----
> 
> <1> Set the database name {page-component-title} should use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
<1> Set the database name that {page-component-title} should use.
```

{page-component-title} runs as a non-root user, which requires having a Linux kernel greater than 3.10.

> If you run on an older kernel, and are unable to upgrade your OS, you need to assign CAP_NET_RAW capabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run on an older kernel and you cannot upgrade your OS, you need to assign `CAP_NET_RAW` capabilities:
```

> Run `systemctl edit opennms.service` and add the following line to the `[Service]` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run `systemctl edit opennms.service` and add the following code to the `[Service]` section:
```

> 
> [source, properties]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
[source, properties]
```
